# TBN-Dwarf-Game
Peaceful run Synopsis:
Magnus is a loner living in the woods disconnected from other dwarves and their village. He feels a deep connection to nature and the creature living beside him. His Comp is his best and only friend. When he goes missing Magnus is forced to leave his comfortable home area and explore beyond the forest grounds. 
He is hesitant at first since he is scared of darkness. That’s one of the reasons why he chose to move out of the village many years ago. Regardless of his fear he must find his best friend. Along his way he meets many creatures and notes their quirks and likings in his diary. He tries his best not to upset any of the forest creatures but his quest for finding his Comp is his main priority. 
Unfortunately Magnus is unable to find his friend or any meaningful clues as to what actually happened. The dwarf is smart enough to know that he can’t find his pet alone and has to socialise for the first time in years. Magnus takes it upon himself to familiarise himself with the villagers above ground and do little chores for them to gain their favour. After completing several quests he starts asking them about any suspicious activity in the area. 
The village Dwarfs tell him rumors they heard and describe corrupted creatures they started seeing while going near the forest grounds. Apparently there is a Witch living deep in the forest who uses forest creatures as test subjects for her cruel experiments. Magnus is moved and enraged by this information. He immediately assumes that the Witch must be responsible for abducting his best friend. 
Driven by revenge Magnus faces his fear of darkness and visits the underground section of the village where he does a couple more quests to upgrade his gear. With his new loot he feels prepared to face the Witch. 
After entering the forest Magnus faces against corrupted versions of previously beloved forest creatures but instead of killing them Magnus tries to heal them with /something/ acquired from the village. In the end he finds the Witchhut but to his surprise she is nowhere to be found. 
After searching around Magnus finds many corrupted animals in cages but no sign of his best friend. When the dwarf is about to leave the Witch blocks the exit. Magnus decides to talk with her rather than fighting since he found no proof of his pet being there. The Witch reveals that Dwarves are the ones poisoning the forest and corrupting the creatures. They dug up an ancient artifact that they have no idea how to properly use or store. They wanted to make a fortune and sell it overseas but the power of it was simply too much to handle for non magical creatures. Since it made them sick they dumped it into the forest lake and left thinking nothing of it. Every creature that drank water from it started to corrupt and the forest around it started to wither. 
Magnus teams up with the Witch to help retrieve the magic artifact and destroy it. On the way the dwarf asks the Witch if she had seen his Comp but unfortunately she didn’t. At the lake Magnus uses his fishing rod to get the artifact out of the water. After catching some corrupt fish he finally manages to get it. The Witch uses magic on it to seal it away and takes it. Magnus is happy that he managed to prevent a crisis but his best friend is still missing. As a reward the Witch gives Magnus a compass enchanted with a tracking spell. After following it Magnus finds his companion trapped but alive in a beartrap. Magnus and his best friend reunite. The end




Pre game animatic explaining quickly the backstory of Magnus ?

